[Music]
Hello how are you hearts How are you
starting this weekend I hope
very well and Well I come here to tell you
the first words that Agustín has apparently had
told by one
of his representatives and also a friend
Jorge you already know that he is also a very good friend
of the family Rocío Flores Olga Moreno
who gets along very well with everyone he
is a kid the truth is very very nice not
as we would say around here in my country very
nice not as a person a very beautiful person
at least that's what it seems like I
want to remind you all that you can
subscribe absolutely free and not
miss any of the videos that I upload
also I would like to highlight that here on
the right we can see that Alba Carrillo
has been working therefore what
Javier said now was absolutely
false let's see what Agustín has said
that
knowing each other in another way and delighted
with what they are experiencing And above
all his own words Olga is the
best company for everything a woman
besides being beautiful simple good and happy
with whom I am absolutely happy I
mean I love not knowing each other in
another  way they are in love or not Well, they
couldn't be any other
absolutely
different words, you can really see
the happiness on their faces, it has caught my
attention because Olga's friends or ex-
friends have been saying that
Olga has a happiness on her face
that they didn't see before, I don't know what double
interpretation to make of that but well, what do
you think family, you know that
your opinion is very important to
me, I send you a huge hug and until the
next video
[Music]